iscsiadm
=========

Role for installing and setting up iscsiadm iSCSI initiator.

Requirements
------------

Working iSCSI target (server). This role is only configuring the initiator (client).

Role Variables
--------------

  - (optional) iSCSI target IP/hostname agains which role will run discovery and login. If this is not specified 
    the role will only install the utilities for initiator and detect initiator WWN generated by system that will
    be stored in `iscsi_initiator_name` variable for each system.

    ```
    iscsi_target_ip: '192.168.0.1'
    ```

  - (optional) iSCSI target tcp port (defaults to 3260)

    ```
    iscsi_target_port: '3260'
    ```

  - (optional) custom_iscsi_initiator_name - use custom initiator name instead of system randomly generated one

    ```
    custom_iscsi_initiator_name: 'iqn.1994-05.com.redhat:my_custom_initiator'
    ```

Example Playbook
----------------

Without any variables passed this role just installs and enables iscsiadm tools on system.

    - hosts: servers
      roles:
         - { role: 'ondrejhome.iscsiadm' }

Below example will install iscsiadm and instruct systems to discover and login into iSCSI target.

    - hosts: servers
      roles:
         - { role: 'ondrejhome.iscsiadm', iscsi_target_ip: '192.168.0.1'}

Note for SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 15.x / openSUSE Leap 15.x
-------

Please note that SLES 15.x / openSUSE Leap 15.x only ship with python3 installed by default.

To avoid the ansible warning for the discovered python interpreter, add a line like the following to your inventory:
```
192.168.22.53 ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python3
```

License
-------

GPLv3

Author Information
------------------

To get in touch with author you can use email ondrej-xa2iel8u@famera.cz or create a issue on github when requesting some feature.
